NOTES.md, before:

# --- VERSIONS OF CSDL AND CSDL_OM FOR lsdo_mesh & motor_project: ---
- use git checkout <commit-id> to change to these versions in DETACHED_HEAD state (recommended)
    - git checkout <commit-id> . will leave you with all future commits (not recommended)
- use git switch - to revert back to main master branch
- csdl: *https://github.com/LSDOlab/csdl/tree/98d7f6d43a74042a5f8ded2a2b20d431f0c1c342*
    - commit-id: 98d7f6d
- csdl_om: *https://github.com/LSDOlab/csdl_om/tree/80e67db290493054d172a4813d3f16c28bbdca50*
    - commit-id: 80e67db

# --- TO-DO ---
- fix parametrization of points for rotated instances (appearance of NaNs)
- code clean-up
- generalization for cartesian (x-y) coordinates as well
    - implementation is only in polar right now
- clean up the FFD CSDL models (WIP)
- COME UP WITH A CONSISTENT NAMING SCHEME FOR EDGES AND VERTICES TO AVOID CONFUSION
    - mesh vertices: user-defined points (making up major subdomains like the 4 points defining a magnet)
    - edge nodes: nodes along edges between vertices
    - mesh nodes: internal mesh nodes (deformation done by Ru's FEniCS mesh manipulation code)

Commit message:

working magnet FFD for constant and linear SPs

NOTES.md, after:

# --- VERSIONS OF CSDL AND CSDL_OM FOR lsdo_mesh & motor_project: ---
- use git checkout <commit-id> to change to these versions in DETACHED_HEAD state (recommended)
    - git checkout <commit-id> . will leave you with all future commits (not recommended)
- use git switch - to revert back to main master branch
- csdl: *https://github.com/LSDOlab/csdl/tree/98d7f6d43a74042a5f8ded2a2b20d431f0c1c342*
    - commit-id: 98d7f6d
- csdl_om: *https://github.com/LSDOlab/csdl_om/tree/80e67db290493054d172a4813d3f16c28bbdca50*
    - commit-id: 80e67db

# --- TO-DO ---
- fix parametrization of points for rotated instances (appearance of NaNs)
- code clean-up
- generalization for cartesian (x-y) coordinates as well
    - implementation is only in polar right now
- clean up the FFD CSDL models (WIP)
- test the linear shape parameter option
    - constant works (used on the magnet radial change)
    - **UPDATE**: a sample of this works for an azimuthal linear reduction of magnet width (test further)
    - **UPDATE**: linear and constant shape parameters tested together and works as hoped
- COME UP WITH A CONSISTENT NAMING SCHEME FOR EDGES AND VERTICES TO AVOID CONFUSION
    - mesh vertices: user-defined points (making up major subdomains like the 4 points defining a magnet)
    - edge nodes: nodes along edges between vertices
    - mesh nodes: internal mesh nodes (deformation done by Ru's FEniCS mesh manipulation code)
